Cloud 9 Notes for Finance Website

Quote: “You’ve got to think about the big things while you’re doing small things, so that all the small things go in the right direction. —Alvin Toffler”

*We are hired as a start up company to build a financial website for a client

*Client wants the following
    >Homepage to show stocks, Top News, A sign up for profiles, other ideas
    Brand: Financial education-an educational website for those wanting to know about the market and how to make money in general. 

    >Personal Profile and simulation to buy stocks with "fake money" and track their investments

    >News and How to's Articles showing news and how to make money articles

    Marcia and Zack: Homepage and overall theme. Incorporate fashion themes (fonts, layouts)


    Ethan and Laura: News and How to's. API display articles. *Bonus: have people rate the articles and it moves according to ratings. D3-API (optional). 


    Max and Diamond: Profile and simulation. API data, store, and show it somehow. Table, any other graph except pie gragh. D3-API. 



    Communication: 
    Slack: Create groups: Divide by groups. Slack each other. 


    Zoom: When someone is talking, slack the person you need to communicate. 


    Visual Code to Push: Push on your branch and then we'll push to master. Be aware you are pushing other code as well. 

    Project Manager: Set small tasks for ourselves. Small tasks lead up to bigger tasks. 

    Tasks: 
    Max and Diamond: Find API data. Figure out how to parse. Get a draft of a page done. Make sure data comes through. 

    Ethan and Laura: Find API data. Figure out how to parse. Get a draft of a page done. Make sure data comes through. 

    Marcia and Zack: Figuring out the layout. Figure out the theme. Look at fonts. Find API data. Figure out how to parse. Get a draft of a page done. Make sure data comes through. 


    Ethan's idea: Use regular html then turn it into react. 

    Other notes: 
    *You know a lot about code. We have activities, homework, google, each other, and we have guidance from David. 

    Name: TeachMeFinance, MyFinance = MyFi, FauxFinance, 